Update network platform guides with FQCN (#70699)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/network/user_guide/platform_ce.rst

- install the ``ncclient`` python package on your control node(s) with ``pip install ncclient``
- enable NETCONF on the CloudEngine OS device(s)

> To enable NETCONF on a new switch via Ansible, use the ``community.network.ce_config`` module via the CLI connection. Set up your platform-level variables just like in the CLI example above, then run a playbook task like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable NETCONF on a new switch using Ansible, use the ``community.network.ce_config`` module with the CLI connection. Set up your platform-level variables just like in the CLI example above, then run a playbook task like this:
```
